or am I on the web you know I don't
think I've been on the web before but
there we are I hope you're as excited as
I am about strictly coming back 377
Bruce is bad it's nice there by dancing
shoes back on the polishing the glitter
ball as we speak I've stood up Wilma
dresses with my stylist so excited and
all I'm getting from everybody I know
everyone on the street people schnapps
taxi drivers crucially Bob just go to
the back of my car everybody wants to
know who's in it
I'm not sure I have words to describe my
new burner yeah
fit she's sweet very very athletic my
was very athletic hers is quite sexy
famous she's been extremely lucky
because she's going to spend every
single day with me with Benson she's a
woman so big it is
through the new celebrity well I'll tell
you tell you guess who's gonna be
tunneling with Brendan I'll sorry okay I
sorry I've got go sorry
you'll have to wait you see I've got
nothing for you to be the first to know
who this year celebrities are sign up
online now